hey everybody welcome to another video
so this is gonna be a length check video
because a lot of people have been
requesting I do an updated length check
and I did my last length check about a
year ago I think it's exactly a year ago
well not exactly but all my stuff well
yeah so I have flattened my hair so if
you guys want to know how I fly on my
hair you can check out my Flatiron video
the only difference between the method I
use this time around compared to the
last time is that rather than doing
three braids three massive braids on
either side of my hair after Flatiron in
it I just did one braid one big braid on
each side so that's what's created this
sort of wavy effect on the hair and that
it does look like I use a curling iron
but I didn't use a curling iron it's
just brains basically I like using
braids because they're slightly more
effective than the curling armors for me
anyway so um yeah so down to business
now I'm gonna do the I'm just gonna show
you guys from the front first of all I'm
going to use a longest section of my
hair bearing in mind I am 5 foot 11 so
I'm quite tall and so I have to stand on
my tiptoe just to get it all in the
camera I think that it's still I'm still
pretty much at the same hip length like
I was last year I don't think my hair is
growing that much in the last one year I
have been trimming my hair as well I did
trim it a couple of times with between
the last length check and this time
about two or three times I've trimmed my
hair I don't know if that makes a
difference but anyway yeah so from the
back oh I'll say exactly the same no
difference so you can see what it looks
like from the back
I don't measure my hair while I do the
lunch check I just don't use a like some
people use a measuring tape I can't be
bothered basically I just think it's
unnecessary
I mean you pretty much get an idea of
how much my hair's wearing just by
looking at the picture and we do know
that hair grow
was about two-inches sorry yeah if
there's about two to three two inches
yeah one inch I think what you I did
mention this in one of my other videos
it's like one or two inches of month
hair grows I think I'm not sure but I
think that's probably about how much
hair grows but um just google it you
find out so my hair pretty much has
grown at that speed bearing in mind I've
been natural for about eight years now
so it's a very long time and so yeah so
these are my results so I hope this kind
of be useful I haven't change anything
my resume is still the same nothing has
changed in my regiment however I must
note that I'm not using pan tan or any
drugstore shampoos anymore I've stopped
using that a couple of months ago simply
because I had I don't know if you guys
saw I made this video which I took down
so it looks a little bit too commercial
like but I had a little bit of an
anxiety a while back I started using
this spray a really nice spray some
magnesium spray that helps me get to
sleep just was angels of God don't use
it anymore because I'm not having those
issues anymore but I started getting
scared of that because if you just spray
on your hand it works you literally fall
asleep in half an hour and it's pretty
natural the ingredients are not nothing
that makes me feel it a little bit like
concerned about anything but I started
thinking imagine if just by using this
spray I'm falling asleep and if what
aren't whatever what if I'm using all
these drugstore shampoos with all these
chemicals and they imagine what they
actually do for my hair I mean to my
body and to my cells to my brains I
thought right I'm gonna stop and that's
really what made me stop to be on this
own fantana's always work for me L'Oreal
has always worked for my hair I mean I
don't really see a difference some
people see a difference but the only
reason I'm switching is because I want
it go really more natural and I'm really
just going on this crazy health thing
right now I mean right now I'm just
going a little bit health crazy I went
off my health freakiness for a while but
I'm going back on it now I'm just
getting a bit like panicky because of my
experiences in the
last few months you know a few months
back having insomnia anxiety etc I'm
just rambling now but yeah that's pretty
much all I wanted to share with you guys
in this video and stay tuned for more
videos thanks for watching bye